feat: remove cert-manager as dependency & support HTTP/HTTPs endpoints (#88)
dash0hq/dash0-operator: README.md

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/dash0-operator)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/search?repo=dash0-operator)

The Dash0 Kubernetes Operator makes observability for Kubernetes _easy_.

> Install the operator into your cluster and create just custom resource to get OpenTelemetry data flowing from your applications and

Reviewer: sentence broken (" ... create just ...")

```suggestion
Install the operator into your cluster and create a Dash0 monitoring resource to get OpenTelemetry data flowing from your applications and
```
